O365 Sec&CompV2 Enhance Docs (#24048)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/Integrations/SecurityAndComplianceV2/README.md

*Please Note:* Microsoft requires that this connection be made from a secure connection. Disabling certificate verification is not supported at this time.

### MFA Enabled Service Accounts

> It is recommended to disable MFA for the service account which is using the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is mandatory to disable MFA for the service account which is using the integration in order for the authentication succeed.
```
